DOC-6147 vector sets description/difficulty (#2630)
redis/docs: content/develop/data-types/vector-sets/_index.md

The [`TYPE`]({{< relref "/commands/type" >}}) command returns a type of `vectorset`
for this object.

> {{< clients-example set="vecset_tutorial" step="vadd" description="Foundational: Add vector elements to a vector set using VADD to create a new set and populate it with vectors" difficulty="beginner" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< clients-example set="vecset_tutorial" step="vadd" description="Foundational: Use VADD to create a new vector set and populate it with vectors" difficulty="beginner" >}}
```
